Add the cities of Kassel & London (#3)
tomschr/git-test: README.md

* Spokane
Spokane (/ˌspoʊˈkæn/ (About this soundlisten) spoh-KAN)[8] is a city in Spokane County in the state of Washington in the northwestern United States.

* Kassel
Kassel (German pronunciation: [ˈkasl̩] (About this soundlisten); spelled Cassel until 1928)

> is a city located on the Rhine River

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a city located in the middle of Germany!
```

> in Bavaria, Germany.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* London
London is the capital and largest city of England and the United Kingdom, with the

> least municipal population in the European Union.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
largest municipal population in the European Union.
```

> Standing on the River Nil in the south-east of England.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standing on the River Nil (?) in the south-east of England.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Standing on the River Nil in the south-east of Australia.
```
